---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

Opinions on Section 4 of this [Github Website](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/#finding-a-project-to-contribute-to)
------
I think section 4 contains alot of useful information concerning finding a website on what to contribute to, most of which were gone over in class already. One 
One very useful thing that the website has is a checklist of things that the repository should have before we should consider contributing to it.
Meanwhile the websites that it links to contain alot of website that I personally think is a overload of information, especially the [GitHub Explore](https://github.com/explore/) which seems to link me to alot of other classes' repositories, and not really a Open Source project that I might contribute to. However I believe this might just be a problem with the algorithms because I have only dealt with this class's repositories thus far. Therefore the algorithm is linking me to more.

Opinions of the git and GitHub things I learned this Week
------
I personally think it was very useful. However due to how vague the instructions are regarding the editting, rejecting, and then accepting, I think that was what delayed many people. And due to that, we were unable to finish the assignment in time. Furthermore, I find that the last past of the assignment, it seems to be nearly impossible especially when one person does not respond to pull requests nor answer text messages, making it so that the other two have to pull that person's weight. However, I did learn more about the push command on git along with the pull request button, which I think was the major point of this activity.
