---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

Thoughts About Karen Sandler
------
The visit by Karen Sandler was overall very informative about open source licenses in general due to the fact I am currently in the process of setting up a website for the club that I am part of.
For the website, I am testing and using several open source software such as mySQL, Node.js, Express.js, and Redhat OpenShift for the full stack development.
Through it all, I have been wondering about how I would go about using them without getting into legal problems.
Her story about bypassing the security of old pacemakers to write her own software into it was intriguing, and rather than a story, I would have rather prefered her teach us how she did it.
But her stress on the importance of open source code seemed much like a lecture on something I already know was important and was doing. 
Thus that part was not very interesting, because I already knew how important that was.
It was very informative, but I feel like if she did not keep going about how important open source was, we could have asked her more questions.

Search for a Project
------
For the past while, I have considered several open source projects that I would like to contribute to. Here is my current list thus far:
1. [KC3 Kai:](https://github.com/KC3Kai/KC3Kai) I have already been contributing to this by sending them the information from whenever I am playing Kantai Collection, but I could contribute more by modifying the documentation to make more sense with the current layouts, since it updated over time.
2. [PlanarAlly:](https://github.com/Kruptein/PlanarAlly) I have considered using this for a long period of time, but I have been using the closed source roll20 for a very long time. I could try testing this and update the user documentation if I get it to work.
3. [dandwiki:](https://www.dandwiki.com/wiki/Main_Page) If allowed, I would like to simply have the work I do to maintain this wiki as part of the project I work on. But if not, I will look for other projects.
4. [Anime4K:](https://github.com/bloc97/Anime4K) Through random searching, I have found this. The algorithms that this program uses could be useful for the website I am designing, so I might want to consider using it, thus I can edit the documentation for it as I go.
5. [PHPAlgorithms:](https://github.com/doganoo/PHPAlgorithms) When I was doing full stack development on the website for the club I am in, I was curious on how to make my queries faster. I could explore these algorithms and then record my documentation of them.
