---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

Humanitarian Open Source
------
For the article that interests me, it is [this](https://opensource.com/article/17/7/half-world-languages-dying-save-them) one about saving dying languages.
The reason it interested me was because I was young, I participated in a this debate game, where two people would be given a random topic, and then it was also randomized with one being on the "for" and the other was "against". 
Because it was a long time ago, I only vaguely remember the topic and it was something along the lines of, "should humanity have a uniform language?" and I was chosen to be against it.
Back then, it did not make sense to me why we should not have a uniform language, since it would make daily life a lot easier and there were other benefits such as being able to understand everyone no matter where they're from.
So since I could not come up with any arguments against it and I was for having a uniform language, I surrendered that game.
Even today, if I was asked the same question, I would also be for having a uniform language, despite now knowing how difficult such a task would be to accomplish, such as choosing which one it'll be. 
But I see through this article that we're losing half a year, so we're approaching that goal without trying.
It'll be a loss to humanity to lose all the languages, but at least it'll be archived, is my initial thoughts upon seeing it.

[Tom Calaway's Blog Post](https://spot.livejournal.com/327801.html)
------
This article was particularly interesting because I was looking for a method to fund our club, Hunted Hero Comics.
Due to budget cuts caused by the previous Undergraduate Government 2 years prior, we lost about 70% of our budget.
So as a result, we produce less physical copies of our issues, and our supplies dwindle, and as the current President, I began to look for a solution.
Other clubs, due to a necessity for money, decided to host bake sales to raise funds for their clubs, but I do not feel like doing such a thing because it is incredibly time consuming and most likely not provide the thousands of dollars we used to have.
Because just for printing 500 copies of a 144 page issue is about $4000 from what I see from our records.
My initual solution was to create a online archive, which is cheap to maintain, thus we only need to print less and move the remainder of our budget to supplies. 
Hunter College prevents us from selling the issues, so I would assume it would be impossible to use the SaaS model to make our archive pay-to-view like other companies, and the other methods don't work either.
So the best one seems to be the donation model for us. 
I will look more into this method and seeing how it works from Hunter College's side.

Importance of Open Source for a Company
------
Because I am trying to create a website and change most of the internal workings of our club, I have been looking for helpful software to get.
This is because this club is basically a non-profit business in my opinion.
The main reasoning is because the College Association refuses to allow us to purchase software and we must get it from ICIT.
This is not a huge lost since we got the Adobe Suite and the Microsoft Office from ICIT.
But due to this, we are forced to only being able to use free-ware most of the time.
Thus, apart from the Adobe Suite and Microsoft Office, our club is basically running mainly on open source.
Even though we have this software, most of students don't have access to the Adobe Suite, due to it being $100+ a year, they grew up using open source software such as GIMP.
Even now, we're using many open source programs such as Firefox, Visual Studio Code, Git, mySQL and many more.
But I agree with the points in the article, since everytime there is a new update with the Adobe Suite or Microsoft Office, we need to send a ticket to ICIT to come down and update our computers with them.
This is sometimes a huge hassle because they do not respond sometimes or they come to our office when we're not there, since everyone left for class.
But updating the open source software we have on our computers is quick and easy. 
So I do see all the effects of open source in our club.
