---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


Hello!

Opening Statement
======
I decided to take the course in open source software development for several reasons:
1. I periodically use open source and periodically contribute back
2. I believe knowledge should be shared, accessible and not hidden behind a pay wall
3. The class seemed like it was going to make me do something I was already doing

Open Source Software I use
======

GIMP
------
As a artist and a college student, I did not have the funds to purchase the Adobe Suite which contains several widely used programs in the industry such as Photoshop and Adobe Animate. Which is a huge wall that prevents aspiring artists such as myself from getting even remotely close to obtaining the high level of quality that others in the industry when all I'd had at hand would be the free Microsoft Paint. Moreover, it further propagates the Starving Artist mentality, because the cost to even use Photoshop as of right now in the year 2019 is **$239.88 per year** and then **plus $21.29 tax** for just Photoshop by itself. 

However, I did come across several free to use programs such MyPaint and Krita, but none are as powerful as GIMP, which is a open source software that I still use to this day. It is not perfect, as unlike the Adobe Suite, GIMP is only a image editting program, so it cannot transfer files to other programs in its family via the Adobe Cloud. But because it is open source, there is alot of scripts made by other users that can make the program, nearly superior to Photoshop due to the large range of "mods" you can add via Script-Fu. Not to mention GIMP can also import and use brushes and patterns that were made for Photoshop, as well as open and save as .psd files, the file type Photoshop saves as. So I am glad to see GIMP occassionally get more updates and what new scripts that people make up. I plan to make scripts of my own once I get into a higher level of programming because it uses another language called Scheme which I have yet to learn, but if this class lets writing scripts for GIMP count towards my Contributions grade, I'll be willing to start learning now. wink wink.

Wikis
------
As a consumer of media, I enjoy looking at not just wikipedia articles, but also wikias, though now renamed to fandom. It contains deep information about shows, movies, light novels and graphic novels that I myself have missed. But one that I have recently taken a liking into reading and editing is the [dandwiki](https://www.dandwiki.com), which contains alot of information about Dungeons & Dragons. But because Dungeon & Dragons is a very modular game, especially 5th edition which is the one me and my friends mainly play, many people have created "homebrew" which is various races, spells, monsters, and items that can be easily put into the game and be used. It is also very interesting debating with other users on that site about the power balance of homebrew and how it would interact with other things such as rules. It is there that I learned how to use the proper formatting for wikipedia, and I thus I had very much fun in doing that. I wonder if my constributions to these wikias and the dandwiki count towards my Contribution to Wikipedia grade. wink wink.
