---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

Expectations
------
I did not realize how annyoing it was to do a blog entry every week, because I also missed doing one on time, and one is incomplete. Although this isn't a problem with the class, but like, the fact I was working on several other projects that needed to be done concurrently if I wanted it all to be done on time. Like this semester, I am working part-time, building a website for Hunted Hero Comics so it can be pushed out in January, writing and drawing a 18 page comic that was due last week, handling a move from one club room to another room, compiling a publication to be printed out by the end of December, doing projects for two other classes due within days of eachother, and running between different departments that are 12 floors away from eachother in completely seperate buildings in Hunter College to be able to use the budget to buy the things we wanted. All in all, it was a really tiring semester but this is all done for now until the cycle repeats next semester, but unforuntely, because that finishes at the end of this semester, I never got to do these blog posts early. Which was a major problem when my extracurricular activities are taking up more of my time than my actual work. That was basically everything that happened this semester that prevented me from doing these blog posts earlier. Had I expecting those things to be so time consuming, I might not have done it, thus allowing me to put more into this class. 

Questions in my First Two Blog Posts
------
Going in order...
1. I think it helped, but I was not expecting it to be so heavily reliant on working on the actual code for a project. Mainly because I was expecting contributions to be like raising issues, or sending data to the developers.

2. My idea of what counted as contribution changed, as I thought I could contibute via ways not through Github. But after a month or so, that was when I realized, I needed to contibute to the actual code, and what I wanted to do was not possible within the limited time frame. So what I wanted to do as a contibution, did not count. 

3. The projects that interested me changed, due to it seemingly require to be Github related, so already the dandwiki and GIMP would already be crossed off the list. And since I do not understand how KC3Kai worked at all, this would also be a impossible task for me to do. Thus my choices in the past are not possible choices now.

Changes in my Answers
------
If I were able to go into the past and change my answers, I would change it to this:
2. Since I learned how to make websites during the entirety of this semester, due to working on the website for Hunted Hero Comics, I feel like I would be more comfortable working on full stack development for websites. Such as writing articles or working on the backend, connecting it with the front end. 
3. Although my knowledge is very basic, I feel like I would do the Programmer's Hideout again, and make another article for them. My next option would maybe work on the website for Visual Studio Code, find and fix errors. And once we push the Hunted Hero Comics out into the public, I would definitely work on that website since I am the maintainer for now. 
