---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---


What I Didn't Know About Source
------

In regards to the link to the site, here are my thoughts on the bullet points.

1. In the past, long ago, I have heard of the Linux operating system, but I have always used Windows, and I still do. But for a long time, I have never thought of Linux being Open Source, so it never popped into my mind as the first thing I think of when I hear Open Source. In fact, my mind actually jumps to GIMP because I've been using it since high school and I occasionally see the note that it is open source.
2. In my mind, I do not recall any software that I could pay for but with a free version other than Live2D. After some research, I see that Live2D has some Open Source stuff in it, and its available for view on github, but that's about all I could think of.
3. I have never felt the need to call someone about a tech related issue related to any software that I use, so I have never known about this problem. But I understand why that'd be the case such has not having a call center due to the project team's small size.
4. Over time, I have noticed that I do not have full access to the source codes over all the open source projects I've seen. Sometimes the admins let us see it, but either I'm too illiterate on how to get said file or I don't understand it, I never bothered with it ever again.
5. I already knew this bullet point, since I was using GIMP and Firefox before I learned how to program. And after learning about programming, I still think everything that these open source programs do is magical because I don't have the knowledge of how to emulate their functions.
6. I do not see how using a open source program is illegal nor have I heard of the SCO case. But if I have to guess, some company was claiming that this open source version of their software has hurting their sales so they filed a lawsuit.
7. I am the type of person who doesn't read the readme files attached to the program the first time I use it. And rely solely on my intuition to use said program because I believe that it comes with a tutorial. Otherwise I just play around with it until I figure it out. If I still can't, I look at YouTube tutorials. And if all else fails, then I look at the readme file. But I have never been a expert in using any of the software I use, and after all these years, I still find new things about GIMP I didn't know.
8. I have found that alot of open source programs are equal or better to their counterparts. Which is why I mainly use GIMP instead of Photoshop unless necessary.
9. I have never seen an example of this. But I am intrigued about what counts as freeware and shareware, and how open source applies to both of them.
10. I have definitely been using open source programs for a long time and I do not deny that I have. They are essential to someone who are not able to pay for the grossly overpriced commercial version that a normal college student such as myself would not be able to afford.

And those are my thoughts about the 10 points listed on the website. It was a interesting read, there are things I knew and things I don't know. But I personally think the site should give more examples that show their points along with actually describing what freeware and shareware is, allowing me to save myself the trouble of looking it up. 
