---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

Activities Related to the Project
------
Currently I am looking at (The Programmer's Hangout's Website)[https://github.com/the-programmers-hangout/website] and since it was made with Gatsby, I have some experience working with it.
I feel like working with this project, I might make some breakthroughs with the website I am currently working on as well.
I have already installed the development environment, since I was working with it before, just to test how it'd work with my current project, so that was not a issue.
As for the issues I am currently considering, I am looking at either fixing the sidebar issue. Because I also want a side bar in the website I am working on. So if I can make this work, I can do something similar when I make mines.

Bill Reyner's Visit
------
Bill Reyner talked alot of what his experiences working in a corporation where he kept code a secret. 
What I realized though him was that once I finish this code and pass it on, there was a high probability that some future generation I'd pass it onto would have no coding experience.
No matter how many notes and comments I add onto the code, the next owner of the website would have no idea on how to add a feature no matter how great of an idea it is.
Thus, I am now considering turning this website into an open source project like the other websites I have seen. 
By working on a project similar to the website I am working on, I can learn how to convert my current project into an open source project.
Once I do that, the future generations just need to learn how to open issues, accept pull requests, and push it onto the server.
But I am still exploring this possibility, so we will discuss this possibility and possibly go through with it at a later date.
