---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

Issue Progress
------
After stalking their Discord for awhile, I have finally found something I could write an article about. And thus I have written it. 
However, I am still unable to get the local version of the website working. 
I have managed to get the index page working, but for some reason, the articles would not load.
But, I see that the articles load on the actual site.
For now I will do a pull request for my article, and see what they think about it.

Open Source & Election Fraud Thoughts
------
I agree that most things that are government related should switch to open source. 
The main reason is because I also think it is really hard for the government to apply patches on the spot for problems with their systems.
Because I am sure there is some type of bureaucracy that hinders the advancement of technology within the government itself.
For something like a election, letting hackers at the code would also allow security issues to also be addressed without it being a necessity.
By that, I mean that I believe that code is alot more sloppy when it is done in a rush to make ends meet. 
It is possible that alot of people would want to help the government too, but is unable to because they are not a politician. 
By switching most things to open source, it lets more people help make bureaucracy less of a hassle to deal with.

I say this also because I am co-chair of Media Board, a Earmark of Hunter College. 
I find the entire College Association website a huge pain to deal with.
There is alot of things that can be changed on the website to make it much easier to navigate. 
If Hunter changes their website to open source, there are alot of changes we could make to make it easier for students to navigate.
And then maybe I can find more about Hunter College's Senate which I personally think is full of tech illiterate people.
Especially when Hunter College's Senate does not even reply to my e-mails regarding my wishes for a Referendum. 
So now I feel like just barging into their offices to speak to them directly.
