---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

Impressions of Eric Raymond's [The Cathedral and the Bazaar](http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/cathedral-bazaar/cathedral-bazaar/index.html)
------
Among the things he talked about, most of them was important, but there were a few things that stuck out to me more than the others, primairly because I'm considering moving my website project to open source.

The first is *The Importance of Having Users* because it relates to adding content.
One of the main problems I have been dealing with was dumbing down the code so that the computer-illiterate who'd read it would be able to understand it easier.
But if I were to move it to open source, the userbase changes and there could potentially be someone new that would add content.

The second is "When Is a Rose Not a Rose" because we have been debating about this for a long while now. Particularly the line "Smart data structures and dumb code works a lot better than the other way around."
For a long time, we have been trying to dumb down the structure of our database so that the non-computer-literate people would understand how to add things to it.
But then that would in turn make the code very complex, because then it had to break down the database and reconstruct it for its use.
However, we ultimately decided to make the database complex and the code simple, because we found out adding things to the database was actually quite easy with our current setup.


The third is *Necessary Preconditions for the Bazaar Style* because if I were to move this project to open source I would need to fulfill these conditions.
THe first condition he mentions about not designing it open source was a condition I already fulfilled. 
I already realized we do need to make a working prototype of the website ourselves, because the templates we found did not have everything we needed. 
Thus we already have this condition fulfilled, since we have the basic prototype.
For the second condition where the coordinator should be able to get good ideas from others, we were already doing that.
We have scrapped several ideas to try different methods of implementing the same thing. 
In fact, we have fully scrapped and restarted the project from scratch several times, because we found a better method that works with this other method.
The last condition that requires us to have a certain level of base level of design and coding, we do not have.
This is actually the first time I am using javascript and node.js to create a website, and the more I work on it, the more I realize I do not know.
Since we only learn c++ in Hunter College, the others that are helping me also do not know.
Although we have Media majors and computer science majors, we will persevere to fulfill this condition.

The Project and the Issue I am Working on
------
In relation to the project I have chosen to work on, [The Programmer's Hideout](https://github.com/the-programmers-hangout/website), I have chosen this project because it uses Gatsby to make the website.
We have innately chosen Gatsby to make our website, but because we could not get the APIs to work, we scrapped it. 
I hope by studying the structure of this website, I would have a better idea of it, and then go back to it.
At the moment, I am still trying to understand how the code works, so I have made no progress on solving the issue I have selected.
