---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

My First Time Contributing to Open Source
=======

Over the years I already made several contributions to open source, so I will just describe my first ones. My first contribution would probably be editting a wikipedia page. By that I do not quite remember what it was exacty, I mostly did it on a whim at the start. It was either that, or the fact I use GIMP frequently over photoshop, and I constantly advertise it to my friends that also like to draw. But it has been so long since that time, and because of the myraid of things that would count, I am not sure what it even was.

What Projects Interest Me
======

KC3Kai
------
Right now I regularly contribute to data collection for KC3Kai, which is a open source software that displays additional info for Kantai Collection, a game I frequently play. Because the game hide alot of information from the player side, this program makes it easier for the players to see alot of hidden information of the game. Because I occassionally play the game, I enabled the option to send info from my game to them so that they can make the program better which makes my life easier. Because I cannot figure out the data myself, I gives me great joy when other people use their efforts to reveal it to less knowledable players such as myself. So I am quite grateful to this project, otherwise I would have dropped Kantai Collection a very long time ago.

dandwiki
------
I'm not entirely sure if this even counts as Open Source, since it uses the GNU Free Documentation License 1.3, but this is also something that I frequently look at and change. Because I think that my Dungeons & Dragons games do not have the exact thing I want to have to create my character, I like to use things from the wiki. It adds something that is impossible to the original rules, and occassionally the things that I made are changed in better/worse ways. Sometimes I like it, sometimes I don't, because I like my version more than their editted version. But it is nice to go into a editting war with some random person over the internet.

GIMP
------
Because I frequenty use this for drawing, there is a list of contributions I wish to make because it'll make my life easier. The first would require me to be able to write scripts in the first place. But the first would be to write a script to create a palette. If it already exist, I have never found it for the past 5+ years I had this program. But as far as I know, I can only save up to 18 colors and if I select a new color, it overwrites the oldest in this palette. It is probably the most annoying thing I have worked with when I am constantly switching between palettes for different objects. And then I want to be able to nickname colors rather then refer to them as their HTML codes. It would make it incredibly easier to differentiate whether this peach color I used was for one character's skin tone, or it was for a different character's skin tone, but they look almost exactly the same to me so I can't tell without going back to previous images and using the color picker tool! But yeah, this has been the bane of my time using GIMP for a very long time, and if I could write it myself, that'd be very helpful, probably to many people that are facing this same problem. 
