---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

Thoughts on the Project Evaluation
------
Overall, the project evaluation was not hard, but was very tedious to find the information about it.
I have learned that Next.js is a fairly new project but it is well maintained and getting constantly updated.
I was interested in the project before I had known of its existence because I was recently trying out [Gatsby](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby) for constructing a website, but it didn't quite have the framework I was looking for. 
Now I will try out Next.js for my experimenting until I find out it either does not work, or I find a better framework. 
Probably, the hardest task to find out of the project was to find out specific numbers such as the number of contributors and especially the number of maintainers for the project.
But overall, I think it is a good and well maintained project.

Regarding my other thoughts, during our experimentation with the framework, we were having trouble doing the setup via the instructions.
We were attempting to create the entire project via `npx create-next-app` command on the terminal, but our terminal was saying it is not a valid command.
We attempted to update npm but we were already up to date because we did it already, so that was definitely not a problem. Unfortunately, there was nothing to help us with this problem from the documents we could find.
We really did not want to do the manual install, since it would require us to build the entire thing manually, which would take awhile.
Eventually we decided to try it on our own laptops and it worked perfectly fine which we believe is supposed to be the normal, not the error we have been getting before.
So we simply transfered the files to the actual computer we were using to write the website, and then it worked without any problems.
We never did find out what the problem was, but we managed to get it installed.

So the other problem I had was how to connect it to a mySQL database. I had successfully connected to it using Express in a earlier version of the website.
Thus we then had the idea to connect to it using an api which I still do not even understand how it will work once we upload it to the actual servers.
However, we were somehow able to do it, which I still think is magical since I understand almost none of the things we did along the way here.
But I feel like this was a interesting experience, and if we decide to push through using Next.js, we are just about done with full stack development project.
