---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

Comments on Today's Activity
------
**Usefulness**
Today's activity of manipulating one github repository was a very interesting experience. It let me experience how the Git Bash worked with the three commands that were in the file. It also allowed me to see what the common problems is when working in a team on Github on our local machines. 

**Confusing?**
With the commands listed, it was not confusing at all because it contained the information about what it does. However, what the Git Bash returned, I had no idea what it means at the moment. But since I see it was successful and not giving me red error messages, I assume everything went fine. 

**Enough Time**
Yes, there was plenty of time to do the activity. Personally I think there was too much time as I finished a few minutes after the activity started. The most time was probably resolving he conflicts, which I'll explain in the next section.

**Merge Conflicts?**
I did have several merge conflicts. However, I had no idea how to deal with it via the Git Bash so I manually did it via Notepad++ which I opened directly on my computer and then changed it manually. It wasn't really explained in the thing how to deal with it, but I compared it with the version in the repository and then modified it to match. A merge command was not given in the instructions, so I do not know how I merge the two together.

Opinions about the Reading
------
**A Beginner’s Very Bumpy Journey Through The World of Open Source**
The story was a very entertaining story, but I did not hestiate to contribute to open source. Mainly because way long time ago, I do send my logs of my program failures. Mainly because I have a habit of agreeing to the terms and condition without reading it, so because of that, the program automatically sends the logs without me having to read it. The other thing was that when I was editting the dandwiki at the start, I did not want to edit someone else's thing so I always asked a moderator to do it. But then I think he got tired of me doing this so he just referenced wikipedia's [Be Bold](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Be_bold), and so I just do it myself now. And that was my start to modifying a wiki by myself.

**7 Things That Make a Great Open Source Contribution**
1. I see why this is recommended, because trying to recommend a very complex function may end up misinterpretted after it is added. It is also because as a developer, I would not like to interpret a wall of text of what they want changed.
2. This is a very good recommendation, because I did not understand the second example at all. The first is clear and to the point, which is what many companiees do because most users do not understand programming language and the bugs some function or variable had.
3. This tip feels contradicting because it seems to be asking us that its okay to submit a half-complete upload, but the title says otherwise.
4. I agree being restrictive is bad, because edits that remove functions that one person doesn't use could disrupt te workflow of other people who use the program for their own use. It just does not work for the majority, which is the users.
5. Coding style changes are bound to happen because everyone has different styles when coding, But I do agree that the editors should conform to the original creator unless the original creator has bad styling.
6. Personally I disagree, there are always future patches to make things more effecient. It just gets more tedious as time goes by. And sometimes its not possible to tell what new things could be added. Or it could be that the new thing requires a uneffecient method at the start cause the feature was made by someone who didn't know any better.
7. Yes, I am aware of the creator bias and IKEA effect where someone is very fond of the things that they created. It is very helpful to get another person's opinion on changes.

Blog Editting Activity
------
So the instructions were very simple:
1. I navigated to someone's blog
2. Pressed the fork button and forked it to my account
3. Waited for the fork to finish
4. Clicked the green icon to clone, and copied the link that was there
5. Opened my Git Bash on my laptop
6. Changed directory to my folder for github stuff
7. Did the `git clone URL` command, where `URL` is the link I copied earlier
8. Navigate into the `_posts` folder
9. Editted one of them.
10. Did the `git add FileName` command, where `FileName` is the name of the post of editted.
11. Did the `git commit -m "Note"` command where `Note` was my reason for the edit
12. Did the `git push` command
13. Navigated back to my fork on the github website and pressed the "New pull request" and navigated through it.
It does not seem any different from what the slides said, other than the fact that he did not accept the pull request after I did it nor replied back to me. But overall, it was a nice experience.
